it's the clean Howard variety show now
here is clean Howard welcome to the show
you know we're hearing some wonderful
feedback from you out there about the
clinton-era variety show and we're
excited but I got to thinking the other
day and I'm worried I'm worried that you
guys are too excited
I don't want anybody whack it off while
you're watching the show that's right
just the thought of some guy sitting in
his computer
mmm it just gives me a huge eagles so
please I implore you keep your hands
away from your privates while the show
is in motion
what about brides that's different
everybody hates waiting on lines as a
public service here is comedy on lines
with gabriel iglesias that's what you
said and I'm like mom what about me she
says Nico you're not fat you're flunky I
said fluffy my mom she broke it down for
me she says that there are five
different levels of fatness there's big
there's healthy there's husky there's
fluffy and there's oh damn see if you
walk into a bar or restaurant and the
waiter or waitress looks at you and goes
oh damn you need to go we're reducing
any segment of the hair dry to show 101
ways to bag on your boss not get fired
you know we all have bosses some are
faceless corporate entities some may
even be family members some hey Ron hey
Glenn come on over here and get on the
show oh yeah I'm just stopping by to see
how it's going I wasn't gonna she's come
on we need all the celebs we can get
come on come on up ladies and gentlemen
my brother Ron Howard hey I wasn't
planning but you looked at it you look
good yeah thanks thanks great yeah
Howard show yeah well this is it you
know what a shitty they will bake them
on here we don't have a lot of cash you
know you guys have squeezed is pretty
good well it's you know I mean this is
this is the internet it's raw it's it's
you know
come on Ron I mean I'm an actor I've
been in this business for almost 40
years and you give me sure I mean I've
got nothing to work with you you said
you wanted to do a show I'll do a show
you know clamping right water money you
know hey you know that's all the time we
have for this particular guest here on
the clinton-era variety show hey rod
we're done well I want my don't you give
some of ham or a bad you know a thing a
fruitier turkeys well I want my turkey
then you drag me into the show hey might
give the man his fucking Turkey hey
here's your turkey big spender okay good
we're done let's go well the brothers
quibble let's check out the Clint Howard
dancers my next guest is a great comedic
actor he's been in a shitload of movies
a buttload just recently we work
together in a little movie called Cain
I'd like to introduce Judge Reinhold
judge thanks for coming on the show
thank you plan I feel like I'm on Green
Acres yeah well it is kind of green now
if you were in Fast Times at Ridgemont
High it's it's become a cult classic
yeah apparently yeah it's uh I've been
about 20 years now or something now are
you being recognized by a whole new
generation of fans uh yeah mostly kids
with deep emotional problems but I still
am recognized by that from that film
yeah now I understand that they take to
reciting a dialogue they do whole
passages of it in airports men's rooms
wherever they find it oh well you know
just a little change of pace here about
the personal life
you were just recently married
so Jimmy I believe is abroad yes a man
he picks you man now would you guys hate
me
uh we I took great pains to find this
place that nobody supposedly nobody knew
about and we get there and Jerry
Seinfeld is next door so that's for the
eyes now yeah we start together in pen a
fun little family movie yes it was how'd
you like working with me well I'm here
on earth
you've got Beethoven three coming out
tell me about it
well it's a story about a big dog clean
you know I'm sorry judge that's all the
time we have for this this particular
intersection as you know every guest on
the Clint Howard show would seize $15 in
a turkey Turkey provided by handy
marketer Burbank neighborhood grocer
since 1963 you were kidding oh no no
that's 15 sweeteners I'd love to have
you back on another time and you'll get
another $15 I'm there thanks judge Biggs
club hey huh the day's finally arrived
Big Mike made pie I talked in record
time this sexy little mime wanted a
rematch and we're gonna give it to him
right here on the clinton-era variety
show the action is just moments away
let's get to the ring and take a look
gentlemen under the ring please I want a
good clean match
there are no no rules so I don't know
what I'm doing here electricity's in the
air for this mother of all rematches hi
I looks ready
he's got legendary puffle the clown is
his corner man here we go
Big Mike's talk graduations big here
welp I didn't give you much of a match
here in the rematch let's take a look
down there at the monitor and you can
explain here on instant replay what
happened I'm coming in I'm looking good
I've been working out boom there he goes
you haven't seen I was again
congratulations the undisputed champion
of making my talk all the time we have
for this episode of the Queen Helen
Brian show tune in next time wait outta
here Keith